qfys521 license
                       July 1.0, 2022
                   
Use, copy and allocate terms and conditions

definition.

"License" refers to the use, replication and allocation terms and conditions of this document.

"Permit" refers to the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright owner who is licensed.

"You" (or "your") refers to the individual or legal entity that exercise permits granted by this license.

The "source" form refers to the preferred form for modifying, including but not limited to software source code, document source and configuration files.

"Derivative works" refer to any work based on (or derived) works, whether it is the source or object form, it means editing amendments, annotations, or other modifications that represent the entire work. Work authors identity. As far as this permit is concerned, derivatives shall not include works that can be separated or only (or binded by name) with the interfaces and interfaces of their works and its derivatives.

"Contribution" refers to legal and legitimate behavior of contributors through donations, core code help, etc.

The "contributor" refers to any individual or legal entity that the permission of the permitter and any individual or legal person entity.

This license:

You can do:
(A) All code of the project affiliated with this license, including unlimited code, documentation, configuration, etc.
(b) Modify all the code of the project affiliated by this license, including not limited to code, documentation, configuration, etc.
(C) All code of distributing the project affiliated by this license, including not limited to code, documentation, configuration, etc.

You can't do:
(a) All code of the project belonging to any form of commercial use, including unlimited code, documentation, configuration, etc.
(b) All the code of the project of any form of business modification, including the code, documentation, configuration, etc.
(C) All code of commercial distribution of this license that belongs to this license, including unlimited code, documentation, configuration, etc.

Copyright [qfys521]
